Update HISTORY for 0.33.2 and 0.33.3 (#2147)
TileDB-Inc/TileDB-Py: HISTORY.md

# Release 0.33.3

## Bug Fixes

> * Arrays losing CloudArray interface by @kounelisagis in https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB-Py/pull/2144

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix interaction with CloudArray interface of tiledb-cloud package @kounelisagis in https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB-Py/pull/2144
```

## Improvements

> * Add cc alias for libtiledb by @kounelisagis in https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB-Py/pull/2145

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add cc alias for libtiledb to provide partial backward compatibility with existing usage of internal APIs by @kounelisagis in https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB-Py/pull/2145
```
